Correct docs and docstrings for compute_template_metric units (#3066)
SpikeInterface/spikeinterface: doc/modules/core.rst

Importantly, the :py:class:`~spikeinterface.core.SortingAnalyzer` handles the *sparsity* and the physical *scaling*.
Sparsity defines the channels on which waveforms and templates are calculated using, for example,  a
physical distance from the channel with the largest peak amplitude (see the :ref:`Sparsity` section). Scaling, set by
the :code:`return_scaled` argument, determines whether the data is converted from integer values to :math:`\mu V` or not.

> By default, it is converted and all traces have units of :math:`\mu V`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, :code:`return_scaled` is true and all processed data voltage values are in :math:`\mu V` (e.g., waveforms, templates, spike amplitudes, etc.).
```

Reviewer: @chrishalcrow what do you think about this? The other changes look great!

Author: Beautiful!
